--- 
title: "The RJafroc Quick Start Book"
author: "Dev P. Chakraborty, PhD"
date: "2021-12-10"
site: bookdown::bookdown_site
output: 
   bookdown::pdf_document: default
documentclass: book
bibliography: [packages.bib, myRefs.bib]
biblio-style: apalike
link-citations: yes
github-repo: dpc10ster/RJafrocQuickStart
description: "This book is for those already somewhat familiar running Windows JAFROC to analyze their data. The Windows program has been replaced by RJafroc. This book dives into how to use RJafroc to analyze their data."
---





# Preface {-}

* This book is currently (as of December 2021) in preparation. 
* TBA



## TBA How much finished {-}

70%

## The pdf file of the book {-}

Go [here](https://github.com/dpc10ster/RJafrocQuickStart/blob/gh-pages/RJafrocQuickStart.pdf) and then click on `Download` to get the `RJafrocQuickStart.pdf` file.


## The html version of the book {-}

Go [here](https://dpc10ster.github.io/RJafrocQuickStart/) to view the `html` version of the book.


## A note on the online distribution mechanism of the book {-}

* In the hard-copy version of my book [@chakraborty2017observer] the online distribution mechanism was `BitBucket`. 
* `BitBucket` allows code sharing within a _closed_ group of a few users (e.g., myself and a grad student). 
* Since the purpose of open-source code is to encourage collaborations, this was, in hindsight, an unfortunate choice. Moreover, as my experience with R-packages grew, it became apparent that the vast majority of R-packages are shared on `GitHub`, not `BitBucket`. 
* For these reasons I have switched to `GitHub`. All previous instructions pertaining to `BitBucket` are obsolete.
* In order to access `GitHub` material one needs to create a (free) `GitHub` account. 
* Go to [this link](https://github.com) and click on `Sign Up`.

## Structure of the book {-}

The book is divided into parts as follows:

TBA


## Contributing to this book {-}

I appreciate constructive feedback on this document. To do this raise an `Issue` on the `GitHub` [interface](https://github.com/dpc10ster/RJafrocQuickStart). Click on the `Issues` tab under `dpc10ster/RJafrocQuickStart`, then click on `New issue`. When done this way, contributions from users automatically become part of the `GitHub` documentation/history of the book.

## Is this book relevant to you and what are the alternatives? {-}

TBA

## ToDos TBA {-}

* Parts labeled TBA and TODOLAST need to be updated on final revision.

## Chapters needing heavy edits {-}

TBA

## Shelved vs. removed vs. parked folders needing heavy edits {-}

TBA

## Coding aids {-}

* TBA
* sprintf("%.4f", proper formatting of numbers
* OpPtStr(, do:
* kbl(dfA, caption = "....", booktabs = TRUE, escape = FALSE) %>% collapse_rows(columns = c(1, 3), valign = "middle") %>% kable_styling(latex_options = c("basic", "scale_down", "HOLD_position"), row_label_position = "c") 
* ```{r, attr.source = ".numberLines"}
* kbl(x12, caption = "Summary of optimization results using wAFROC-AUC.", booktabs = TRUE, escape = FALSE) %>% collapse_rows(columns = c(1), valign = "middle") %>% kable_styling(latex_options = c("basic", "scale_down", "HOLD_position"), row_label_position = "c") 
* $\text{exp} \left ( -\lambda' \right )$ space before dollar sign generates a pdf error 
* FP errors generated by GitHub actions due to undefined labels:
Error: Error: pandoc version 1.12.3 or higher is required and was not found (see the help page ?rmarkdown::pandoc_available).
In addition: Warning message:
In verify_rstudio_version() :
Please install or upgrade Pandoc to at least version 1.17.2; or if you are using RStudio, you can just install RStudio 1.0+.
Execution halted


